Add `FromRequest` changes to changelogs (#1293)
tokio-rs/axum: axum/CHANGELOG.md

      }
  }
  ```
- **breaking:** It is now only possible for one extractor per handler to consume
  the request body. In 0.5 doing so would result in runtime errors but in 0.6 it
  is a compile error ([#1272])

  axum enforces this by only allowing the _last_ extractor to consume the
  request.

  For example:

  ```rust
  use axum::{Json, http::HeaderMap};

>   // this wont compile on 0.6 because both `Json` and `String` needs to consume
>   // the request body. You must use either `Json` or `String` but not both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // This wont compile on 0.6 because both `Json` and `String` need to consume
  // the request body. You can use either `Json` or `String`, but not both.
```

  async fn handler_1(
      json: Json<serde_json::Value>,
      string: String,
  ) {}

>   // this wont either since `Json` is not the last extractor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // This won't work either since `Json` is not the last extractor.
```

  async fn handler_2(
      json: Json<serde_json::Value>,
      headers: HeaderMap,
  ) {}

>   // this works!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // This works!
```

  use axum::{
      extract::{FromRequest, FromRequestParts},
      http::{StatusCode, Request, request::Parts},
      async_trait,
  };

  struct MyExtractor { /* ... */ }

  // implement `FromRequestParts` if you don't need to consume the request body
  #[async_trait]
  impl<S> FromRequestParts<S> for MyExtractor
  where
      S: Send + Sync,
      B: Send + 'static,
  {
      type Rejection = StatusCode;
  
      async fn from_request_parts(parts: &mut Parts, state: &S) -> Result<Self, Self::Rejection> {
          // ...
      }
  }

  // implement `FromRequest` if you do need to consume the request body
  #[async_trait]
  impl<S, B> FromRequest<S, B> for MyExtractor
  where
      S: Send + Sync,
      B: Send + 'static,
  {
      type Rejection = StatusCode;
  
      async fn from_request(req: Request<B>, state: &S) -> Result<Self, Self::Rejection> {
          // ...
      }
  }
  ```

- **breaking:** `RequestParts` has been removed as part of the `FromRequest`
  rework ([#1272])
- **breaking:** `BodyAlreadyExtracted` has been removed ([#1272])
- **breaking:** The following types or traits have a new `S` type param
  (`()` by default) which represents the state ([#1155]):

>   - `FromRequest`

Reviewer: This isn't right, `FromRequest` doesn't have the `()` default. `Handler` does I guess, but should it actually?

Author: > `Handler` does I guess, but should it actually?

Hm good question 🤔 The main reason for the defaults in the first place was to make `impl Handler` easier to use. But I don't think thats possible anymore since the `M` types are private. I don't mind that actually, `State` and closure captures is easier to use anyway.

So I've removed the default for `Handler` since we probably don't need it.
